[Music]
and your first question is going to be
what was that it's this this is the rmx
seeker in two two caliber the foundation
of the actual rifle is a hammer Li 550
but what are Maxim Birmingham have done
is bling the whole thing up a bit and
add a few extras this is a sub 200 pound
package so if I'm to tell you that you
get the bag a Walther scope and one of
our Maxie's famous backdraft silencers
all in the same package you can see why
this is such a bargain
the rmx moderator is ridiculously quiet
and matched with that wealth of three
benign before tea scope you know it's a
premium product however to hit that
under 200 pound budget you do have to
forego a few things
there's no checkering on the stock and
even though there's a safety it's on the
trigger but it's not an auto safety and
the trigger it's a long pull but at the
end of the stock you do get a nice
rubberized shoulder pad the rifle I
would say is 90% ambidextrous and why do
I say that because the stock at the end
is slightly more curved towards a
right-handed shooter as opposed to a
left-handed shooter here you can see the
stock has got a flatter finish on the
right hand side as opposed to the left
hand side
as soon as you start shooting it though
you actually realize what a fun package
this is
out to 15 and 20 meters this is going to
do everything that you want it to do you
could do a little bit of ratting with it
you could do some tin cans with it
maybe a few targets and a few spinners
it is everything that air rifling should
be it's fun the rifle is also incredibly
easy to load
I've hung my microphone over the
silencer to see what we can hear that's
pretty incredible
the bag that comes with it it's got a
nice lining inside cream so it might get
quite dirty but still very nice overall
then that's the rmx seeker combo package
it comes with the wall for scope the rmx
backdraft silencer and a bag
no pellets so you will have to ask the
gun shop to sign you eternal pellets and
power wise well there's clearly no
problems there
so out to 15 meters I would say anything
rat ten targets or spinner you're just
gonna hit it every single time
[Music]
you